always of boys and well found in a
new video today I am here for
introduce you we are a new test mod
today I'm here to introduce you to a nice new one
holland cm 190 made by the agro fs team
I do not know if it was all done was
let's just say about the scope of
changes
however, they asked me to do this
test and mode so then there will be the
link in description of their base at
power could in theory download it
they must say that it is not made for
not bad I tried to play a
moment and stable within groove and I must say
which is fine I have not tried with loads
burdensome and also because I have none in the
meaning I have to still have to prepare myself
get ready let's say guys a wagon with
high density for test mode and
then I also had to prepare a tractor
with a tone like I had planned
around 1000 horses always for testing
and fashions or otherwise pull marika to withdraw
of the things that I will do in the future
then well here a napoli jin ae omitted
on just to embellish a little
I must say that I also did well
the headlights I have to say are enough
Detailed
here too we are more or less there
need a little something to fix but
however, its own little things
we enter it entered the cabin we have
a good view we say pilate
as you have seen there is this pulina hand
here that tends to disappear a little less than I do
I see and disappear then I noticed some
differences between when recording when
I don't register but oh well
we have a side point this is a bit
the dashboard is also made
well also the glass behind we have of
food and door opening
here we move the steering wheel
this questentino here that that
wobbles a little, it is not error or yes
in the sense perhaps a little to fix
so in short seen also giving to the team
being some advice in the case
wanted to bring changes to do
a b2
let's call it that and we also have the
radio is to be noted what is written
on the radio and so I thank them
meanwhile absolutely nothing by pressing y
we have the ignition twice
put here what you see ghettos
then he slipped after and after
then we start so nothing I have to say that
very well done the flashing lights on a bit
those who are would change the seas with them
flashing 3 type john's ones
deere
in short, to see why he sees you see
just the color line here for
avoid seeing that line of color
we are going to make it more real forever
to improve it
I have to say in just crosses really
good at everything even then leaves in front
that moves as we can see
here it is
lighthouses beyond we say to the key f we have the
key 5 6 5 for those of eternity
social for those in front of saying what he says
they do it quite even before I have
worked a little in the dark and I have to say that
they work well, we also have four
arrows are not right now
maximum in the sense even those behind
you just see just
if it had a little more light on
arrows would be much better in front already
you see a little something
even here headlights don't have them
then notice more than when you do
then brake if you want to reach
another thing
here it is another thing to add
I would also arrange the details of these
let's call them rivets that they are
fender behind just to be
pignoli own but I must say anyway
who did well is only a moment
obviously pull back here to do
see, however, we have done well
the caps on the top quite well done
I wanted to take this harrow here
then then many see for a moment how
behaves to lift weights because
they thought so nothing of heavy weight
pulling up seriously have to make me a little something
to really test fashions
for you that I will be left a period
this no pikmin group the king understood
and also in a comfortable point than others
players but conceal downwards
etc. etc.
so I have to say that it works well
immediately downloaded to their site
that is facebook page I don't remember
well anyway I'll leave you in
description is nothing that the bike does not
I know exactly if they did it all
if they just say we only have one
added let's say internal things
or else, however, it works well
I also did jolo test in the case
someone wanted to know where
go get it
I must say that it works well is another
what to add some smoke to
let's say that this is what I am here
a little bit the sense above all
when his efforts can be increased a
bit the intensity of the smoke will be well known
with more than then inside me like the
reality
I would say nothing for this test either
way is everything even the wheels I see them
well done all the weight in front also
should have the dirt but not for now
he got dirty unless he put it
let's say so high anyway
I will inform you if I write to you
description is or not the dirt well me
I recommend subscribe to comment
put a nice like hello to everyone at
next